README.md, before:

# AS_challenge


# AS_challenge

```
AS_challenge/
├── catkin_ws/
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── planning/
│   │   ├── perception/
│   │   ├── simulation/
│   │   └── config_rviz/          
```

## System Components

`planning`
> Cave exploration algorithm, BFS planning (used for flying back after finding all lanterns), trajectory generation

`perception` 
> Pointcloud processing, junction and lantern detection

`simulation`
> Cave environment physics and rendering

`config_rviz`
> Visualization tools configuration


## Install required pkgs, build ws, and unzip sim
```
chmod +x build_and_extract_sim.sh
./build_and_extract_sim.sh
```

## Software Start

### Launch complete software stack
starts the simulation, drone software, and RVIZ
```
roslaunch simulation all_in_one_with_planning.launch
```

### Start Simulation
```
cd catkin_ws
. devel/setup.bash
roslaunch simulation simulation.launch
```

### Start Planning
```
cd catkin_ws
. devel/setup.bash
roslaunch planning planning.launch
```

### Start RVIZ
```
cd catkin_ws
. devel/setup.bash
roslaunch config_rviz rviz.launch
```

### Start manual control
```
cd catkin_ws
. devel/setup.bash
rosrun planning manual_control.py
```

### Start complete software stack without planning but manual control
starts the simulation, RVIZ, and manual control.
```
roslaunch simulation all_in_one_with_manual_control.launch
```

Commit message:

move rviz and update readme

README.md, after:

# AS_challenge


This project requires ROS Noetic and is tested on Ubuntu 20.04. 
If you face problems during the simulation, please make sure to close other applications as the project makes use of parallel nodes.

The structure of the packages is:

```
AS_challenge/
├── catkin_ws/
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── control/
│   │   ├── mapping/
│   │   ├── perception/
│   │   ├── planning/
│   │   ├── simulation/
│   │   └── urilities/          
```

## System Components

`planning`
> Cave exploration algorithm, BFS planning (used for flying back after finding all lanterns), trajectory generation

`perception` 
> Pointcloud processing, junction and lantern detection

`simulation`
> Cave environment physics and rendering

`config_rviz`
> Visualization tools configuration


## Install required pkgs, build ws, and unzip sim
```
chmod +x build_and_extract_sim.sh
./build_and_extract_sim.sh
```

## Software Start

### Launch complete software stack
starts the simulation, drone software, and RVIZ
```
roslaunch simulation all_in_one_with_planning.launch
```

### Start Simulation
```
cd catkin_ws
. devel/setup.bash
roslaunch simulation simulation.launch
```

### Start Planning
```
cd catkin_ws
. devel/setup.bash
roslaunch planning planning.launch
```

### Start RVIZ
```
cd catkin_ws
. devel/setup.bash
roslaunch config_rviz rviz.launch
```

### Start manual control
```
cd catkin_ws
. devel/setup.bash
rosrun planning manual_control.py
```

### Start complete software stack without planning but manual control
starts the simulation, RVIZ, and manual control.
```
roslaunch simulation all_in_one_with_manual_control.launch
```
